{6}'s face was sheened with sweat by the time{2}let her out of the cabin's secret armory. "It's okay," he said,
offering her a hand. "They've finished and gone."
"They were certainly thorough enough," she commented, ignoring his hand and stepping out of the cramped space on
her own. "I could hear them walking around in here at least three times."
"They weren't very happy about the speeder bikes in the cargo bay,"{2}said as {6} sat down on the bed. She didn't
look very much like a princess right now, he thought, with stray hairs plastered to her neck and her tapcafe server's
covergown still wrapped around her. But underneath it he could still see all that royal dignity stuff. It made for a nice
combination, actually. "But I did a little song and sync about military surplus, and they seemed to buy it," he added.
"They've probably gone off to run the serial numbers," {6} warned.
"Let 'em,"{2}said with a shrug. "We'll be long gone before they can track any of that down. Brightwater just called
—they're on their way back."
"Brightwater being one of these stormtrooper deserters you told me about?"
"Don't worry, we can trust them,"{2}assured her.
"Though we probably don't need to tell them exactly who you are. Anyway, I've got {5} prepping the engines—a
couple of hours out to where we stashed the Falcon, and we'll be done with them." He cocked an eyebrow. "Unless
you want to stick around and see if you can talk LaRone into joining the Rebellion."
"Former stormtroopers?" {6} countered with a wry smile. "I don't think so." She hesitated. "Especially since I can't
even talk you into joining up."
Han grimaced. So she had noticed. That was a little awkward. Still, it was kind of flattering that she'd taken the time to
figure it out. "It's a pretty big step," he reminded her.
"I know," {6} said. "Especially for someone who's used to taking orders only from himself. But it was a step we all
had to take." Her eyes drifted to the hidden closet and the suits of stormtrooper armor. "And after Alderaan, I don't
think it's possible to be neutral anymore," she added quietly. "Either you support the Empire's oppression, or you fight
it."
"I suppose I could stick around a little longer,"{2}hedged. "But I'm not ready to pledge undying loyalty to Mon
Mothma and Rieekan and the others."
"Then don't start with them," {6} said, looking earnestly back at him. "Start with loyalty to just one person."
Han looked at her, a funny feeling in his stomach. Was she actually saying...?
"{5} wants to join us," {6} went on. "Do it for him, and for what his people have suffered under the Empire."
The funny feeling vanished. "Oh," he said. "Oh what?"
"Just oh,"{2}said, back on balance again. "Anyway, I'd better go let Luke out of his closet."
{6}'s eyes widened. "You mean you haven't done that yet? You've been standing here talking to me and he's still
stuck in there?" "He's got a lightsaber,"{2}said blandly. "He can always cut his way out if he gets bored." "{2}—"
"See you later, Princess."
But she had a point,{2}had to admit as he headed back out into the corridor. Maybe he could start with allegiance to
just one person. Someone like {5}.
Or maybe even someone else.
Jade listened in silence to LaRone's story as Quiller drove the speeder truck through Makrin City's quiet streets. "You
should have gone to your unit commander," she said when he'd finished. "There are procedures for dealing with
incidents where there's a strong probability of self-defense."
"Procedures that wouldn't have involved us being turned over to ISB?" Grave asked.
"Point," Jade conceded. "But you still should have turned yourselves in. Now it's too late."
"Probably," LaRone said, trying to read her face. All of it wasted effort—he had no idea what was going on behind
those bright green eyes. "But to be honest, at this point we don't really want to go back. After Teardrop ..." He stopped,
a lump rising into his throat.
"Yes, and be assured that I'm going to look into that," Jade promised ominously. "Ordering the slaughter of civilians is
against everything the Empire stands for. If it's true, I promise you someone's going to suffer for it."
LaRone looked sideways at Marcross. The other grimaced in silent agreement. For all her strength and competence,
this Emperor's Hand had an awfully naive view of what the Empire actually stood for. But she would learn.
"What are you going to do with us?" Quiller asked. For a long moment Jade was silent. "You're deserters," she said at
last. "You swore an oath of allegiance to the Empire, and you broke it. That's technically as treasonous as Choard's
own conspiracy."
"We understand," LaRone said. "But with all due respect, our oath was actually to defend the Empire and its citizens."
"And you think that's what you're doing?" Jade retorted. "Flying around the galaxy like loose laser cannons?"
"We're certainly doing a better job protecting the citizens now than we did on Teardrop," Grave said. LaRone winced.
But Jade didn't respond. They were in sight of the Greencliff Spaceport before she spoke again. "What name is your
ship running under at the moment?" "The Melnor Spear," LaRone told her. "I'll call the Executor and give you
clearance," she said. "Get off Shelkonwa and don't come back."
LaRone glanced at Marcross, then back to Jade. "Thank you," he said. "May I ask why?"
The young woman gazed out the windscreen as they passed through the spaceport gate. "You helped me identify a
traitor and take him into custody." She hesitated. "Besides, a few days ago I was ready to offer a complete pardon to a
man who'd done more against the Empire and its citizens than any of you could ever possibly do. He'll never, get to
use it. You might as well have it instead."
"Yes, ma'am," LaRone said, wishing he knew what she was talking about. "Thank you again."
Quiller drove the speeder truck beneath the Suwantek and came to a stop. "Just stay out of sight and out of trouble,"
Jade said, pushing up the door and climbing | out. "The next Imperials you run into probably won't be so generous."
She looked at Marcross, and it seemed to LaRone that her head inclined ever so slightly to him. She started to turn
away, then turned back. "Oh, and one more thing. That Hand of Judgment name of yours?" "Yes?" LaRone said,
frowning. "Lose it," she ordered. "There's only one Hand in the Empire, and I'm it." Turning again, she strode away
into the night.
Brightwater had pulled his mangled speeder bike to the controls and had the Suwantek's cargo lift on its way down.
"What was that all about?" he asked as LaRone climbed stiffly out of the speeder truck.
"Sort of a political conflict, I guess you'd call it," LaRone said. "Fortunately, it's one I don't mind conceding. Let's
make sure Solo and the others are aboard and get out of here."
"Sounds good to me," Brightwater said as the lift platform settled onto the permacrete. "So are we actually going to
stay out of sight and trouble this time like she said?"
LaRone watched as Quiller drove the truck onto the platform. "I don't see how we can," he admitted at last. "We swore
an oath to defend the people of the Empire. There are a lot of other dangers out there they need defending against."
"Actually, I was kind of hoping you'd say that," Brightwater said, resting his hand briefly on LaRone's shoulder. "For
all the bumps and bruises, this hero stuff definitely helps you sleep better at night."
"Agreed," LaRone said. "Let's get our passengers back to the Falcon and get on with our lives." He looked back in the
direction of the palace. "And our duty."
{1} leaned back in his throne, his yellow eyes glittering beneath his hood as he coolly regarded the two
figures standing before him. "So it would seem Organa has slipped through your fingers," he said, his gravelly voice
unreadable.
"So it would seem, my Master," {0}admitted, lowering his head toward his Emperor in contrition. "The search
found no one." His helmet turned slightly toward Mara. "But one vehicle was permitted to leave before that search was
completed."
"My child?" {1} invited. "The freighter was carrying the stormtrooper unit I'd commandeered," Mara said.
"There's absolutely no chance Organa could have stowed away without them finding her. Besides, the Executor's
scanners detected only five life-forms aboard." She looked at Vader. "Actually, I'm not convinced Organa was ever on
Shelkonwa in the first place," she added. "I strongly suspect this was a story Chief Administrator Disra cooked up to
make sure Lord {0}would come personally to Makrin City." "To what end?"
"According to Disra, he'd been collecting evidence of Choard's conspiracy for quite some time," Mara said. 'The
problem with turning on your superior that way is how to make sure you give the evidence to someone who isn't one of
his friends or fellow conspirators." She gestured to Vader. "Who would be safer than Lord Vader?"
"And who better placed to help Disra in his own ambitions?" {1} suggested.
"The man does indeed wish to become governor in Choard's place," {0}confirmed.
"I'm certain he does," {1} said, and Mara could sense his earlier annoyance fading. "Not now. Perhaps later."
He gestured. "At any rate, the war continues. Return to your duties, {0}." He smiled at Mara. "As for you, my
child, your next assignment awaits you in your quarters."
They had left the throne room and were walking down the long corridor before {0}finally spoke. "What is your
assessment of Disra?"
"He's a con artist and conniver," Mara said flatly. "I wouldn't trust him any farther than I could see him." "Agreed,"
{0}said. "I don't intend to." "Good." Mara hesitated. "I have a favor to ask, {0}."
There was a short pause. "Continue." "It's about Captain Ozzel," Mara said. "He claims his attack on the Gepparin
pirate base had nothing to do with me but was based on intelligence supplied by Colonel Somoril."
"And Somoril supports him in this?" {0}asked contemptuously.
"Of course he does," Mara said in the same tone. For all their differences, she reflected, she and {0}at least had the
same opinion of the ISB. "And with their stories welded shut that way, there's no grounds for any kind of real
interrogation."
"What would you like me to do?"
"I'm not really sure," Mara confessed. "Keep an eye on Ozzel, I suppose. I don't know if the man's disloyal, easily
manipulated, or just plain stupid. But I think he bears watching."
{0}was silent another few steps. "Leave him to me," he said at last. "I believe I can arrange something."
"Countess?" a voice called from the cross corridor they were passing. "Countess Claria?"
Mara looked in that direction and saw a familiar person hurrying toward them. "Why, hello, General Deerian," she
called back, stopping to wait for him. {0}didn't even break stride, but continued down the hallway. "What are you
doing here?" she asked as Deerian came up to her. "I have a new position," Deerian said with a touch of pride. "I've
been assigned to the team in charge of upgrading Imperial Center's planetary defenses."
"Congratulations," Mara said. "I imagine you're sorry to leave the glitter of Moff Glovstoak's palace."
"Hardly," Deerian said, his expression going grim. "I don't know if you heard, but just after I was transferred,
Glovstoak was hauled up on charges of embezzlement and treason."
"No, I hadn't heard that," Mara said honestly.
"It was a shock to us all," Deerian said, shaking his head. "Imagine a man like that abusing his position and authority."
"Imagine," Mara agreed.
"Well, I'm on my way to a meeting," Deerian said, the gloom fading from his face. "But I saw you and wanted to say
hello."
"I'm glad you did," Mara said. "Good luck to you, General.*'
"And to you, Countess." Bowing to her, Deerian headed off again down the corridor.
Mara watched him go, a warm glow spreading through her. LaRone could talk all he wanted about these scattered
abuses of power, and certainly those abuses needed to be dealt with. But as long as the Empire could still produce men
like General Deerian, it would be worth defending. Worth her energy and her life.
And her allegiance.
Turning again toward {0} cloak billowing in the distance, she headed for her quarters, where her next assignment
was waiting.